#### Chapter summary
- The chapter emphasises the importance of marginal habits which could have exponential benefits to your life. One percent gains could lead to significant gains if you stick to it long enough. 
- Habits can be a double-edged sword marginal benefits could lead to significant improvements while bad habits can bring you down as much as the good habits can bring you up. 
- Progress is often not linear. The results of our efforts are often delayed. It can results in people feeling discouraged after putting in weeks, months or years and seeing marginal results. However, this work was not wasted. It was simply stored. The full value of your previous efforts will be revealed
- Forget about goals and focus on systems instead. If you want better results, then forget about setting goals. Focus on your system instead. 
	- Goal settings suffer from a serious case of survivorship bias. we concentrate on people who end up winning and associate that with their goals while overlooking all of the people who had the same objective but didn't succeed. 
	- Achieving a goal is only a momentary change. If you set a goal to clean your room and summon the energy to tidy up, the room will be clean for now. But if you maintain the same bad habits that room will soon become messy again. 
	- **Goals restrict your happiness**. "Once i reach my goal, then I'll be happy" is the problem with goals first mentality. You are putting happiness off until the next milestone. Also the "either-or" conflict. Either you achieve your goal or you are a disappointment. You mentally box yourself into a narrow version of happiness. 
#### Important passages
- Aggregation of marginal gains - if you broke down everything you could think of that goes into riding a bike, and then improve it by 1 percent, you will get a significant increase you you put them all together. 
- Too often, we convince ourselves that massive success requires massive action. 
- If you can get 1% better each day for one year, you'll end 37 times better by the time you're done. 
- Habits are a double-edged sword. Bad habits can cut you down just as easily as good habits can build you up, which is why understanding the details is crucial. 
- 