Humanity fears the unknown but that feeling is often overshadowed by our curiosity and fascination for the unknown. Discussing whether new knowledge destroy our sense of wonder can help us understand how we can prevent the destruction of our sense of wonder. Wonder is defined as the feeling of amazement or admiration caused by seeing or witnessing something beautiful, unexpected, captivating, and inexplicable. Without our sense wonder, our drive for new knowledge would cease to exist. 
In this essay, I will discuss in respect to natural science more specifically, physics and the arts. In natural sciences, our sense of wonder drives us to explore the unknown, striving for certainty through evidence and data. In contrast, in the arts, wonder and the unknown doesn't necessarily need to be explored to reach certainty to inspire new knowledge in the arts. 

I will start by looking into natural science, and discuss how at times, new knowledge seems to destroy our sense of wonder as new knowledge allows us to understand the unknown transforming it to the known. However, ultimately, the sense of wonder is deepened as more questions and posed as results of new discoveries. In the field of Physics during 1860, Maxwell's equations had unified many fields in the physics world which mostly solved the major questions in physics excluding a few minor things. The mysterious questions in physics mostly disappeared in the late 1800s as most of the big questions were answered. The loss of wonder of the era was most captured in a quote often attributed to Sir Kelvin. "There is nothing new to be discovered in physics now. All that remains is more and more precise measurement." While it's not actually the words of Sir Kelvin, nevertheless, the quote captured the sentiment during the time. Yet, just a few years later, Max Planck would go on to present his paper "On the Theory of the Law of Energy Distribution in Normal Spectrum" in 1900. This would mark as the beginning of quantum mechanics. The discovery arose from one of the  "minor" problems left in physics after Maxwell. Even Max Planck was discouraged from studying physics as his professor argued that almost everything is already discovered, and all that remains is to fill a few holes (spark.iop.org). From Max Planck's discovery two observations can be made. The acquisition of knowledge is often non-linear. We cannot reach certainty until truly everything is discovered. In other words, one should not lose their wonder until absolutely certainty. Secondly, our sense of wonder can grow with new knowledge. Some questions and curiosity stems from acquiring more knowledge. Einstein said "The more I learn, the more I realize how much I don't know". New knowledge will often propagate our sense of wonder as we are able to acknowledge and recognize more inexplicable events and objects. 

As a counterclaim, it can also be argued that the advancement of new knowledge specifically in physics can destroy our sense of wonder as new knowledge becomes less intuitive and unobservable. In everyday life, the reality around us can often be explained through Isaac Newton. It is often the case that Special relativity, general relativity, and quantum mechanics are required when discussing about very specific phenomena or estimating to smaller decimal accuracy. Taking quantum mechanics as an example. Most of 
