I have been doing blender at least once a week. However, I have been busy with other stuff to write any reflections on it. This week I started a new project / work so I decided that I'm going to document my progress. I'm thinking of recreating a photograph I saw of a woman in a train taken with a fisheye lens. I'm confident in my ability to model inorganic shapes such as the train, screen, seats but I wanted to also challenge myself with this project by modelling and simulating organic shapes such as clothing, bags, accessories, and etc. I feel like I have grown a bit too comfortable in recent times with blender not stepping out of my strong points so I hope that this one will push me to new heights. Another aspect that is going to be challenging is the texturing, when I'm trying to achieve somewhat a photorealistic results, it's really important to have good looking textures. I would even say that texturing is 50% of the artwork, the other 50% is modelling. I hope to finish this project in a month or two



Last time I told myself that I will focus on organic shapes such as clothing, bags, etc. However this was much harder than I expected. I spent hours trying to figure out the simulation system but there also isn't many resources to help as it isn't something that Blender particularly is used for or excel at. So for now I moved on to another project. To have a bit of fun, I made a chain inspired by a anime in a few hours. This wasn't a project that was difficult or needing to learn anything new but I did this to just practice what I have learnt as well as being efficient. I really noticed how much faster I can do things with little shortcuts and tips that I know now. Actually, there was one thing that I had trouble with; Geometry Nodes. Geometry Nodes allow for many things that isn't easy to explain with a few sentences but it's one of the most technical aspect of blender. I was really proud to be able to come up with a solution for my problems in geometry nodes without following a tutorial. I will definitely come back to organic shapes but as of now, I don't think I have enough fundamental knowledge to start venturing into fields with little resources. I'm still learning so I rely on the knowledge of other people and it's really difficult to start exploring something completely new. In my next project, I would like to do more complex modelling and also a animation focusing on the material and lighting the most

In this project, I'm attempting to make a product visualization of a phone. Specifically the Nothing phone 3a because I really like the design of the phone unlike other phones. The interesting design will make it challenging and fun to model it. I've finished about half of the modelling and I also started to texture some the parts but I'm not really liking the look of the materials but I can't understand why. It just looks fake. I'm going to try to figure why it looks so fake but it might be due to the lighting as well. After I'm done with the model, I'm going to try to animate it like a commercial. I also might use a video editing software just to really make it look like a commercial but I haven't really figured that part out just yet. The hardest aspect of the project has been the topology, I need to try to keep it consistent and quads. I really feel like my topology has improved significantly modelling this phone especially because there is no many circular shapes which are hard to create with quads. I'm doing this to improve my product visualization skills because I hope that one day I can do this at least as a job on the side. I really enjoy doing many things at once and I just can't see myself doing the same thing all day long so it will be really nice if I had a secondary thing that I can do 