
It's been a few months since my last reflection and this will also be my final reflection for this project. In total, I helped out at scout about 6-7 times in the course of about 6months which ended about November. While I really enjoyed going to scout, the cold winter coming and the organizer becoming incredibly busy with other things in her life meant that there hasn't been scout for the last few months. I really had fun going to these scouts and it was also a great opportunity for me to learn. I really enjoyed interacting with kids I think that they are very interesting as you really see how they learn in real time and they are not afraid to step out and explore. I felt like I should really learn from that. Even with kids I sometimes feel a bit socially awkward to talk with them especially in Japanese. My Japanese isn't great and it's really to feel confident in a language that you are not good at. I also felt like I improved a lot with my Japanese as not only did I need to find ways of explaining things in Japanese but I also talked with other adults during that time. Another thing that I really struggled with was telling kids off. In forests, it's really important that the kids really listen to you and don't just wander off or do something reckless. I knew that but I still had a really hard time to yell or tell them off. I tried as much as possible to either talk to them or divert their attention to something else. Many kids especially became distracted or started to wander off because many had ADHD and other conditions. 
Before every scout I made sure to pack as much things as possible so such as first aid kits and extra clothing in case something happened. In one case something did happen, one kid fell into the lake in about October which was really cold luckily I had a reflective blanket.  Working with other people was not a challenge at all for me. Usually there are only about 2-3 supervisors/ adults and they were always nice to me. It also helped that I was only the support so I just had to kind of listen to them and do what they say. Definitely the hardest part is to make sure that all that kids gets the attention that they need but the kids in the scouts are independent as they have been doing this for longer than I have and they have most learnt how to behave and act around in the forest. For example, they know that they can't chop down living trees or throw trash into the forest. I think that it is crucial for kids to experience these kinds of things about the environment at a very young age so that I grow up to become very respectful and grateful to the nature that we have access to. They also understand the effects that climate change is having on the world as they see the year to year changes in the climate. 

In this experience I really come to appreciate education and the effect that the environment and experiences have on young minds. It really made me want to contribute to the future generations when I get older not for any profit or monetary reasons but just to help set up the next generations. I think that it's really rewarding to see how young kids grow up with the lessons that you have taught them. I hope that this experience has been a good experience for the kids as it was for me. 