In the current digital age, the majority of the population has access to computers. In each computer, a storage system is embedded. The specific drive in my computer is a M.2 1 terabyte storage meaning it is able to retain 1 trillion characters. Only half a century ago, the biggest storages were only about 30,000 bytes or able to retain 30,000 characters.  One measurement of improvement is the increase in knowledge but also the increase in accessibility. The accessibility and the amount of knowledge the storage drive is able to hold is proof that our knowledge is an improvement upon the past.

For example, the entire collection of texts from the library of Alexandria could fit inside. The storage drive has the capability to enable me to have access to information that was restricted to a certain location that took immense space to keep. However, anyone with a computer can easily store such a huge amount of knowledge. Yet, my 1 terabyte storage is almost full, showing that the increase in storage was a necessity that stems from the increase in our knowledge. If we were to store 1 terabyte of data 50 years ago, it would have taken rooms of space and considerable amount of resources. Furthermore, the digitization of our knowledge has dramatically improved our knowledge by making knowledge easily accessible to many and also easily storable. 
The improvement in the accessibility and the size of knowledge each individual can maintain is evidence to the increase in the amount of knowledge. It is truly incredible to think about the knowledge that we are able to store. The rapid improvement in technology will only make storages smaller and bigger in order to store even more knowledge in the future. 

The Imola plan is a map drawn by Leonardo da Vinci depicting the city of Imola in Italy. The map was tasked to Leonardo for militaristic use. He used various tools and techniques in order to make an accurate bird eye view of the city. Even today, the map is accurate enough to navigate through the city.

Before Leonadro, maps were not as accurate. Cartographers of the time prioritised aesthetics over accuracy depicting mythical creatures and 3 dimensional perspective contrary to the satellite view of the Imola plan. The Imola plan is considered to be one of the first “ichnographic” maps. The map shows a shift in the purpose of a map from artistic to practical use. In the present day, we would consider the Imola plan as an improvement over the older less accurate maps before Leonardo however, that is only because our idea of what a map should be have been changed. Evaluating the map from an artistic perspective, the map is less grand and stylistic than the maps before it.

What we consider an improvement of knowledge is hugely dependent on the general consensus of the society at the time. Different perspectives can change what an improvement means. Some can consider new knowledge as an improvement while some might see it as a regression upon past knowledge.

The Pantheon is a building in Italy built almost 2 millennium ago by the Romans. Although modern concrete starts to deteriorate after about 50 years the Pantheon made with roman concrete and brick has stood the test of time still being structurally sound. Until recently, experts could not figure out why Roman concrete was so much better than modern concrete. While such situations are not the norm, it nevertheless occurs when ancient knowledge is superior to its modern counterpart.

Roman concrete is one of the few examples where knowledge has regressed. The Pantheon is a visual proof that concrete in Ancient Rome was better than the concrete used today to build bridges and buildings. Knowledge is often lost through time, for example with the burning of the Library of Alexandria. It can take years of other branches of knowledge to improve in order to regain knowledge. For modern concrete, it took top researchers to work together to find out the reason for its durability. Although, modern concrete is an example of regressed knowledge, it’s also proof of improvement in knowledge. Researchers over the years have tried and failed at trying to uncover the secrets behind Roman concrete. Researchers were recently able to unveil its secrets because of our improvement in technology and knowledge.

Modern concrete is a great example that knowledge is not always improving; however, such cases are rare and few. Some of our knowledge has gaps between them but they will eventually be filled if enough resources and time has been given.