### Unsigned integers 
- **Unsigned integers** - integers that can only hold non-negative whole numbers
### Defining unsigned integers
- You use the `unsigned` keyword
``` cpp
unsigned short us;
unsigned int ui;
unsigned long ul;
unsigned long long ull;
```
### Unsigned integer range
- 1-byte unsigned integer has a range from 0 to 255
- an n-bit unsigned variable has a range of 0 to $2^n -1$
- Unsigned integers are useful for networking and systems with little memory, when negative number as not required.
- Unsigned integer overflow
### Unsigned integer overflow
- Take `280` in a 1-byte unsgined integer
	- overflow will occur
- If an unsigned value is out of range, it is divided by one greater than the largest number of the type. 
- For `280` in a 1-byte, the largest number is `255`. 
	- 1 greater is `256`
	- $280 / 256$ would be 1 plus a remainder of $24$ 
	- Therefore, $24$ is what is stored
### The controversy over unsigned numbers
- Many say that unsigned integers should generally be avoided
- First, it takes little work to accidentally overflow the top or bottom of teh range. 
	- With unsigned, it's much eiaser to overflow the bottom. 
- Consider:
```cpp
#include <iostream>
// assume int is 4 bytes
int main()
{
	unsigned int x{ 2 };
	unsigned int y{ 3 };
	std::cout << x - y << '\n'; // prints 4294967295 (incorrect!)
	return 0;
}
```

- Secondly, unexpected behaviour can result when mixing signed and unsigned integers. 
	- In C++, if a mathematical operation has one signed and unsigned int, usually the signed integer will be converted to an unsigned int. 
---
- Additionally, there are other cases that are challenging to detect.
- Consider the following:
``` cpp
#include <iostream>
// assume int is 4 bytes
void doSomething(unsigned int x)
{
	// Run some code x times
	std::cout << "x is " << x << '\n'
}
int main()
{
	doSomething(-1)
	return 0;
}
```

- The author of `doSomething()` was expecting to call this function for only positive numbers.
	- it can be hard to prevent this from happening. Unless  you've configured your compiler to be aggressive about producing signed/unsigned conversion warnings., your compiler probably won't even complain about this
### so when should you use unsigned numbers
- First, unsigned numbers are preferred when dealing with bit manipulation.
- Unsinged numbers is still unavoidable in some cases, mainly those having to do with array indexing
- Also stuff with limited computing power, being the most optimized might be necessary. 