I first wanted to know the noise level of the propeller but that was found to be very challenging. I lacked the theoretical knowledge and the equipment to model or actually create the experiment. I think I could have done a lacklustre EE but that would have been inaccurate without large margins of uncertainty. Therefore I modified the research into efficiency that way the theory is easier and the experiment will also be simpler to conduct without having to start again from scratch. The hardest thing right now at the moment is theory and how I should measure efficiency. There seems to be different ways efficiency can be measured for propellers. The priority at the moment is to actually create the necessary propellers which has been proving to be difficult because I need to schedule with others to be able to operate the 3d printer and 

The Idea first started with uneven blade spacing of propellers and the effects on efficiency. However, after further research, the theories were not as simple as expected as most of the theories did not account for uneven spacing. The research done on the matter were also lacking. Therefore, I altered my idea to measure the efficiency of propellers with different number of blades. Fortunately, the theories were easy enough for me to understand. The topic was also nice in a sense that I could make the theory as hard as I wanted it to be since aerodynamics could be simplified into equations but those equations can always be improved to be more accurate. Since I am not able to use the 3d printer at the school in the summer break, I decided to purchase a 3D printer. The experiment went smoothly. However, I am having difficulty with the theoretical evaluation. There are just too many unknowns of the propeller. I was only able some simple algebra to show what the theory represent however, I was not able to come up with any actual numerical predictions. Overall however, I think that the essay is coming along