```cpp
#include <iostream>
int main()
{
    std::cout << "The sum of 3 and 4 is: " << add(3, 4) << '\n';
    return 0;
}
int add(int x, int y)
{
    return x + y;
}
```

- This program would give an error as it doesn't know what `add` is when it is called
### Solution
- Option 1: Reorder the function definitions
	- this option is not always possible. If we're writing two functions A and B. If A calls B , and function B calls A, then there's no way to order the function that will make the other happy. 
- Option 2: Use forward declaration
	- **Forward declaration** - tells the compiler about the existence of an identifier before actually defining the identifier 
### Forward declaration
- Forward declaration is done with: **function declaration** statement
	- Consists of function's return type, name, parameter types, terminated with a semicolon. 
```cpp
int add(int x, int y); // function declaration includes return type, name, parameters, and semicolon.  No function body!
```

- Function declaration do not need to specify the names of the parameters:
```cpp
int add(int, int); // valid function declaration
```
- Best to keep the parameters names in your declarations 
#### Why forward declarations?
- It can be to tell a compiler about a function that has been defined in another different code file.
- It can also be used to define our function in a order-agnostic manner. 
- Less often, there are times that we have two function that call each other. 
#### Forgetting the function body 
- What happens?: it depends
- It will compile bu the program might fail 
#### other types of forward declarations 
- Most often used for functions but it can be used for variables,and types
### Declarations vs definitions
- **Declaration** tells compiler about the existence of an identifier 
```cpp
int add(int x, int y); // tells the compiler about a function named "add" that takes two int parameters and returns an int.  No body!
int x;                 // tells the compiler about an integer variable named 
```

- **Definition** is a declaration that actually implements the identifier
```cpp
// because this function has a body, it is an implementation of function add()
int add(int x, int y)
{
    int z{ x + y };   // instantiates variable z

    return z;
}

int x;                // instantiates variable x
```
### One Definition Rule (ODR)
- The **one definition rule (ODR)** - well known rule in C++ with 3 parts
	1. Within a file, each function, variable, type, or template in a given a scope can only have one definition
	2. Within a program, each function or variable in a given scope can only have one definition
	3. Type, templates, inline functions, and inline variables are allowed to have duplicate definitions in different file, so long sas each definition is identical. 
