
# Economic Methodology

- ways in which economists study the discipline. As a social science, scientific methods are adopted to build knowledge through a structured process
1. Make observation
2. Ask question
3. Form a hypothesis
4. Make predictions
5. Test hypothesis
6. Draw conclusions

### Positive economics

- statements that can be tested, accepted, refuted, or amended based on evidenc.
- Focuses on what is, was, or will be
- Explains how the economy works
- Relies on scientific methods, i.e., logic, hypotheses, models, economic theories, assumption, and empirical evidence

### Normative economics

- Subjective value judgements that often form the basis of economic policy making
- Focuses on what should be.
- Considers how the economy should work
- Relies on personal perspectives, values, and beliefs.

### equity

- state of being **fair**
- normative concept as it is subjective
- An equitable distribution of income refers to a fair and just distribution which depends on value judgements and perspective about what it is

### Equality

- Refers to the state of being equal
with respect to something.
- Positive concept as it is objective.
- An equal distribution of income means
everyone receives the same level of
income.

# Positive economics

- Positive economics uses **logic** and **reasoning.**
- Therefore Positive economics uses **hypotheses, models and theories**
- Positive economics uses **empirical evidence**
- Positive economics uses the **ceteris paribus assumption**
    - It allows economists to analyse how one variable may affect another, without considering all the other factors that may affect the dependent variable.

# Economic thought